When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A remote repository is great for collaborating with other users on the same project.
it is also a great way of keeping your files on a cloud server to be used by the same user in multiple machines.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Not sure

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
The difference between forks, clone and branches are quite simple yet subtle.
- Forks are like clones of a repository which exists only on Github. 
this means that the original repository exists on Github, and it is being cloned to another repository on Github.
This allows a non contributor to work on the existing repository of someone else. 
Also it link back to the original contributor, thush maintaining the correct history of contributions.
- Clones are a full download of the repositorty which exists on Github to your local remote computer.
this allows you to wokr on the content of the repositor offline and in your own machine instead of the GitHub page.
- Branches are a seperate history of commits of your master branch, thus allowing you to test drastically different approaches, or features without the danger of affecting the original branch, unless manually specified to do so via 'git merge'

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Not sure

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without using Git or Github, i would probably be uploading my code on a server, and expecting the people i am collaborating with to download it from there.
this would mean upload, and then share the link with my colleagues.
GiThub is definitely a lot easier since it allows a perma link for my partners to visit.
But what i find most interesting is collaborating with myself, that is have a version control system where i can work on the basic and most fundamental bits on the master branch.
at the same time have the ability to make some massive dynamic and really courageous changes in other branches for merging later if successful or trashing altogether if not.